6.0.20RN updates (#1326)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-0-20-april-2021.md

    -   Sentinel discovery service

> -   Starting Redis Software 6.0.20 new clusters will be set with minimal TLS version v1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Starting with Redis Software 6.0.20, new clusters will be set with minimal TLS version v1.2
```

-   Envoy updated and verified with multiple security headers.

> -   Starting Redis Software 6.0.20:

Reviewer: When you say "starting" do you mean this is the behavior from 6.0.20 forward, or are you referring to how the customer starts the software?

Author: the behavior from 6.0.20 forward

> -   Starting Redis Software 6.0.20:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Starting with Redis Software 6.0.20:
```

>     -   The replication backlog size of new databases will be allocated dynamically according to shard size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   The replication backlog size of new databases is allocated dynamically according to shard size.
```

>     -   The Active-Active replication backlog size of new Active-Active databases will be allocated dynamically according to shard size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   The Active-Active replication backlog size of new Active-Active databases is allocated dynamically according to shard size.
```

## Known limitations

> -   RS55504 - Bug RS6.0.20-66 (Build #66) causing RediSearch cursor to break. Please upgrade to a higher build when running with RediSeach. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   RS55504 - Bug RS6.0.20-66 (Build #66) causes RediSearch cursor to break. Please upgrade to a higher build when running with RediSeach. 
```
